my name is big dicks and I make videos
first of all I'm gonna say rest of pizza
boxes hell yeah rest in peace to boxing
have me staying up late watching this
down sorry ass fight it wasn't a saw a
spy it went the distance and if you
don't know by now mark is really creeped
back yell but damn they keep giving it
to pack you back yo wins by majority
decision hell yeah you already know that
if Marquez don't knock pac-man down he'd
go always win he's the fan favorite
right and the reason why I say rest in
peace boxing is because what's going on
nowadays you know nobody wants to see
this fight nobody wants to see this
fight you got flawed Arjun patio and
pack you down dodging floor what the
hell make this damn fight everybody
wants to see this fight and you got this
other crazy stuff in boxes what am I
talking about rest of peace to smokin
Joe Frazier one of the greatest fighters
of all time now I hate to see that
happen and then you got this guy who
beats the hell out of Floyd's dad in the
ring beats the hell out of this dude you
notice oh dude this Dubai 20 and beat
the hell out of flora daddy and hear
this story come out about the golden boy
one of my heroes growing up well so God
the way I'm women clothes what the hell
is happening but to boxing these days I
don't know tell me what's going on man
what's gone I want to see the mom and I
leave box and you know what i'm talking
about the goddamn my dyson boxing do you
know what i'm saying i want to see the
face the Roy Jones jr. to shuck array
Linux I want to see some damn good
fights man I'm tired of this politics of
boxing you got me going on this rent
early in the morning winter fire
majority decision bank me you already
know 12 rounds went 12 rounds the
biggest waste of time I ever seen in my
life
don't want to see another damn act man
mark has 100 either god damn you gonna
do this every year like fight Floyd make
the fight that's all i gotta say back
he'll by majority decision make text I'm
out recipes to you die damn boxing tired
of this I won't see some real fight if
you agree put it down in the comments
stump just damn video up sent it to
somebody rest in peace box and we want
to see some real fighting Big Tex mouth